[theme music]
I don't know what
to do about Astrid.
She keeps bringing
home stray people.
Well, then,
Mother, why don't you
just have her committed again?
Just for a few weeks,
like last time.
Ah, I hate to spend the money.
Mother, it's me, your Astrid.
I'm home!
Oh my goodness.
Oh, darling, I missed you so!
And look what I've
brought, Conners.
Ohh!
I met and Roseanne and Jackie
at the spa, fell in love.
They're so fresh.
Met them again in New
York, even fresher.
And I've brought them here.
Ha.
Yeah, this is Andy,
DJ, Bev, Jerry, Mark,
Becky, Jackie, and Roseanne.
And this is Kiki, Lily,
Chip, Doris, Astrid, and--
where's my Porcelain?
You know I like to have my
Porcelain here when I get home.
Is Porcelain somebody's name?
Yes, it's Astrid's son.
Whether it's a
name is debatable,
but it's what she chose.
Now, Mommy, I know I'm
not your precious Chippy,
but couldn't you at
least pretend to like me?
Oh, darling, don't
be so oversensitive.
You know I love all
my children the same.
Well, just because I was
the one on the boat with Daddy
when he died does not mean
I'm responsible for his death.
DORIS: No, of
course not, darling.
Daddy just fell
off all by himself.
Man, I'm starving.
Oh, forgive me.
That we're-- that's
so rude of us.
Won't you join us?
The eggs benedict are
absolutely divine!
And if you don't favor
eggs, Cook can prepare
almost anything you'd like.
No, that's OK.
We'll just eat what's out.
Wouldn't you like to change?
Why?
All we're gonna do is eat.
But you're in
your travel clothes.
Oh, we really don't mind
eating in our travel clothes.
I mean, sometimes we
even sleep in 'em.
Um, darling, do show your
friends up to their room
so they can freshen up.
Werner, set a few more
places at the table, please.
What if I just want
to grab a sausage?
Do I have to change for that?
You see, we change our clothes
for each unit of the day--
morning, breakfast, morning
activities, lunch, nap,
cocktails, dinner,
and after dinner.
You change your clothes
eight times a day?
On average.
But we don't have eight
changes of clothes total.
We're never gonna fit in here!
I watch that Martha Steward.
We'll be fine.
[theme music]
What doesn't kill us
is making us stronger.
We're gonna last longer than
the greatest wall in China
or that rabbit with a drum.
If there's one
thing that I learned
while waiting for my
turn is that in each life
some rain falls.
But you also get some sun.
And we'll make out
better than OK, hey.
Hear what I say.
Yeah, any day.
[laughs]
[ball clinking]
Is everyone comfy?
Would anyone like a sweater?
- Oh, no, thanks.
We're all fine.
All right.
They all changed
their clothes again.
I've asked Werner to put out
some extra clothes for them.
Yes, the primary colors, the
hallmark of the working class.
Hello, fellows!
Hey, Chip.
Ow!
I got you!
Mark, DJ, I'd like you
to meet Flip and Skip.
Chip, Flip, and Skip?
You've gotta be hosin' me.
Oh, we've taken that
ribbing before, hey, fellows.
Have we?
[laughter]
Of course, at Choate, we
always gave the business
to Ray, Tray, and Gray.
[laughter]
CHIP: So, we were
hoping maybe you
boys would like to join us for
a little game of touch football.
Sounds cool.
OK, we're not changing
clothes between quarters.
Would anyone like a drink?
We've got screwdrivers,
mimosas, Bloody Marys,
Tom Collins, boilermaker.
Astrid, it's 10:30
in the morning!
ASTRID: I know.
My daughter is a
child of the modern age.
In my day, we had our
first drink at 10:15 sharp!
Beverly, you look
like a mimosa girl.
Oh, Doris, it's like
you've known me all my life.
Well, anyone can
tell that you're
a woman of taste and breeding.
Yeah, anybody that started
drinking at 10:00 AM.
CHIP: Look, Mother,
I'm going to score!
I say!
This is a game of
touch football.
Yeah, I'm begging your pardon.
So, Astrid,
where's your husband?
Well, he went to visit his
mother in a mental institution.
That's where my
husband is too.
We really have
moved up in class.
There we go, sugar.
Are you still breathing?
I forgot my mirror.
All right, all right.
That is it.
Andy, now, you knocked that off.
I told you before.
You do not throw things
at the nice rich lady.
Stop that.
Hello, how are you?
Hello!
I'm afraid Grandmama is
a little hard of hearing.
Oh.
(YELLING) I'm
having a lovely time!
Your house is simply marvelous!
I have dreamed all
my life of living
in a house just like this!
Nice catch, DJ.
Thanks.
Women and football
don't mix, old sport.
DJ, why don't
you take a break,
and I'll give you a
tour of the house.
OK.
JACKIE: All right.
Hey.
Filling in for DJ Conner,
number 32 in your program
is number one in your
heart is Jackie Harris!
All right.
Go get get 'em Jackie!
Hey, Becky, Conner women
are not just cheerleaders.
Get out of here.
Both of yas.
Now you guys are toast!
Ah.
To my dear departed
husband, Reginald Wentworth.
To Daddy.
What a life, man.
You guys just sit around,
drink until you get gout,
and then-- and then
your servant carts
you around in a wheelchair.
Yes, but to break
up the busy day,
I thought we might bring the
children out to amuse us.
ASTRID: There's my little
Porcelain, come to me.
JACKIE: Andy, hey
Andy, look at here.
Mommy's playing football,
ha, and Mommy's kicking butt!
Oh, hello, Jerry.
Did you like your nap?
How did that 100% pure
Egyptian cotton treat ya, huh?
Would you like to
play ball, Porcelain?
Yeah.
He would.
Go over.
Look how wonderful he is.
No!
Don't go after it.
Don't go off the porch.
Come to Mommy.
Are you hurt?
Oh!
Such a violent game.
Go chip, go!
JACKIE: I'm gonna get him!
Woo!
[growls]
Geez, this kitchen is huge.
You could have like a
whole party in here.
Oh yeah, you can do a
lot of things in here.
You've got great hair.
Thanks.
Can I have some pretzels?
You're one of those
bad boys, aren't you?
What'd I do?
Nothing.
But I know what you want to do.
- You do?
- Sure.
I know about guys like you,
guys from public schools,
with your torn jeans
and sweaty t-shirts.
You like to stay out late at
night, rip antennas off cars,
steal.
And spit.
Well, I did take my
parents' car once, but--
I knew it!
I bet you have
African-American friends too.
Yeah, don't you?
Ugh, DJ, I've
always wanted to do
it with a boy from the streets.
This isn't your
first time, is it?
Yes, I mean no, I mean I--
I've been with
lots of women, just
not here in the "vine yard."
Most of them have been
mall chicks and waitresses.
Shouldn't you two
be wearing sweaters?
Slow down, guys.
You don't want to ruin your
appetite before dinner.
But I thought this was dinner.
No, Mark, it's an
appetizer, like that thing
they put in the upper right
hand corner of the TV dinner.
Hey, where are
all the Wentworths?
Oh, they're upstairs,
changing again.
Sitting here in
the lap of luxury,
I just can't help thinking about
the poor, starving children
of the world.
I really don't think
I've been doing all
I can for the great unwashed.
So the next time I'm
at the dry cleaners,
I'm dropping an extra quarter
in the Sally Struthers can.
JACKIE: Oh man, look at this!
Oh, wow, I think we
found Doris's stash.
Demerol, Valium, Prozac.
Wow, Xanax, Percocet, Lithium.
This chick is looped!
Oh, look, this one here
is just plain old aspirin.
I'll borrow it in case
I get a headache later.
What do you think this is for?
[buzz]
Hey!
Look at that!
You made a butler appear.
And he's-- he's bearing gifts!
You really liven up
a poor butler's life.
You know, it must
suck having a job
with the word "butt" in it.
Hey, take a load
off here, Werner.
We want to buy you a drink.
Oh, no, no, no,
wouldn't be proper--
too many rules around here.
[laughter]
And as grand dame
of the Conner family,
let me just remind you,
I simply cannot have you
laughing in your dining attire!
[laughter]
[clears throat]
Really?
Uh, Werner, would you tell Cook
that we're ready for dinner?
Thank you.
Man, look at this.
Three forks, four plates.
I don't know how many glasses.
I know, there are many
things on the table,
I don't even know
where I put my elbows.
So, Roseanne, what do
people in the Midwest do?
You know, raise families,
farm, just regular stuff,
like, you know, work at jobs.
Hmm.
You lost me.
Uh, Doris, could you please
pass me the bread there, if it
isn't a bother or anything.
Bread is never a
bother, dear, not
when it's baked, not
when it's sliced,
and not when it's served.
Oh, I-- I know.
I was just--
Excuse me, Astrid?
I don't mean to be
rude, but who's that?
You missed the introductions.
This is Dr. Harun Devi Bakshi
of the University of Calcutta.
Hello.
So, Dr. Bakshi,
there, what brings
you to the good old US of A?
I'm doing a fellowship
at the Kennedy
School of Government in Boston.
Oh, well, that
sounds like fun.
I get a kick out of it.
What I'm finding, however,
is that the American views
on foreign policy are at
the very least cloistered.
No, I totally disagree.
I think the cliche of
the cloistered American
is an anachronism.
Did you say India or Indiana?
India.
Oh.
Yeah, I-- I didn't ever
see that Gandhi movie.
But was it "Gandhi" II
or III where he gets
in that big fight with Mr. T?
Oh, anyway.
Hey, what's the deal
with the Untouchables?
In our country, we
have a caste system.
The Untouchables are
on the lowest rung.
They are less than us.
Their lives are a drudgery.
They get the most
undesirable jobs.
Oh.
Yeah, we have that here.
We just call them
illegal aliens.
Nobody else is talking to him.
OK.
Listen.
Can I just say something?
You know, before dinner when you
came out there, and you saw us,
and we were kind of making
a joke at the expense
of your family,
well, we would really
like to say that we're sorry and
we didn't mean to offend you.
Yes, well, thank you
for your words, Roseanne.
A brilliant
[inaudible],, eh, Chippy?
[speaking french]
No, really, I just
want you to know
that we're very, very sorry.
Roseanne, we've thanked
you for your words,
and that was the end of it.
Well, can we turn a light on?
No, these people
are like moths.
They'll be down
here in a second.
Think they're still mad at us?
I think we'd have to
'em open to find out.
God, they've got
rules for everything!
Rules for what to wear,
rules for how to eat,
rules for how to sit.
Uh-oh.
Oh, it's you.
I thought maybe the
help was stealing again.
Well, since I'm here, I'm
going to get a little bicarb.
I've got indigestion.
Well, that's an
understandable.
Oh, it's you.
I thought it was Daddy.
I thought I saw Daddy's ghost.
(MOCKING) Daddy's
ghost stole my pan.
He broke my glass unicorn.
I am sick to death
of Daddy's ghost!
Maybe Daddy broke the
horn off the unicorn
so it would feel like
the other horses.
So it wouldn't
feel so different!
Oh, Daddy, I love you!
I miss you so!
Well, hey, let's all
make some sandwiches.
I'm not hungry.
Come on, Doris, you hardly
ate anything at dinner.
I'm-- I'm fine, really.
I mean, really, you only had
like, what, a couple of peas?
And who's to say you
kept any of that down?
I said I'm not hungry.
Mother, it's all right.
There's nothing wrong
with coming down
to the kitchen for a sandwich.
But it's not why I came here.
Take the damn sandwich!
My!
Did you just yell at me?
You bet your ass I did.
Now take the damn sandwich.
How could you speak
to me like that?
Oh, who are you to be
putting on those airs?
We all know what the
family was built on--
bootlegging, gambling, bimbos.
God, that felt good.
I-- I've kept that
inside for 80 years.
Lucky for you, my
teeth didn't fly out.
This is just what
all of you people need.
What in heaven's name
is she talking about?
You need to get mad!
You need to yell.
Let it out.
Then you won't need to drink so
much or to start foreign wars.
We don't start wars.
We just profit from them.
Oh, we start some.
Now listen to what
this lady has to say.
Roseanne, teach her.
Doris Wentworth, I'm going
to tutor you in the fine art
of female anger.
No, I-- I don't think so.
Well, I'm sure with
your proper upbringing
you realize that it is rude to
refuse a request of a guest.
She's got you there, Mumsie.
I'll give you one minute.
Great.
Well, let's start
by loosening up.
Unclasp those arms, Doris.
Take the pole out.
Come on.
Put your legs apart, Doris.
And plant them firmly, because
once you start yelling,
you might find
yourself off balance.
How do you feel?
A tad wrong.
Good, now repeat after me.
I'm not taking any
crap from anyone!
I am not--
Stop!
It is not "I am."
It's "I'm"!
I'm not taking any--
do I have to say the C word?
Yes, you do, Doris.
You have to say it, because
it's the most important word
in the whole damn sentence.
Trust her, Doris.
She's very good at this.
I'm not taking any
crap from anyone.
That was pretty good.
But are you serving tea, Doris?
You've got to make it
shrill and grating.
I'm not taking any
crap from anyone!
You know, like fingernails
on a chalkboard.
I'm not taking any
crap from anyone!
Good!
Now personalize it.
Make it your own!
I'm not taking out a
damn crap from anyone,
you hear that, Astrid?
Bravo, Mama.
How do you feel?
I feel fan-freaking-tastic!
[laughs]
Oh, that's good.
See, now you won't need to
take those pills anymore.
I won't?
No, women who yell
don't need pills.
Men invented pills
to shut women up!
[laughs]
I'm ashamed to be a man!
DORIS: That's the
spirit, Chippy!
I want to yell too!
Yoohoo!
It does feel good.
Now, something here tells me
that that's not the first time
you've done that, Astrid.
She's a little too
good to be a beginner.
No, no, no, no.
That's the first time
I've ever done it.
I swear.
Roseanne, I think we've
got ourselves a natural.
All right.
Practice makes perfect.
Give it to me again,
baby, right in the face.
I said no, Daddy!
I believe our
work here is done.
I am absolutely famished.
I'm hungry too!
Yelling makes you hungry.
Wait till you see how
much you can eat after you
start breaking things.
[laughter]
May I make a suggestion?
Stella.
My god, the help!
Roseanne, you're good, but
there's something missing.
Do tell.
See, you've got to
put some bottom into it.
See, give it some body language.
- Mhm.
- You know, get that hip going.
Mhm.
OK, and then get
that head going.
- Mhm.
- That's it.
That's it.
Now give him the hand.
And then you tell
him, get out my face!
'Cause Stella don't take that!
You better check yourself
before you wreck yourself.
JACKIE: Stella!
Stella!
ALL: Go Stella!
Go Stella!
GRANDMAMA LILY: Stella!
(YELLING) Stella!
Buh-bye.
Oh, it's-- oh.
Goodbye.
Oh, Roseanne!
Oh, I swear I'm going to cry.
This visit was so delicious.
Conners are a hoot.
We can't wait to
see you in Lanford.
Oh, I can't wait
have you there.
As soon as our social
schedule permits.
- Oh, I hope so.
- We will.
We will!
- Well, thank you all again.
- Thank you.
- This has been wonderful.
- Buh-bye.
- Bye!
- Bless you.
- Bye.
I love her!
[theme music]